Update links to use new domain (#2013)
arviz-devs/arviz: doc/source/schema/schema.md

3. Interoperability between different inference backends and programming languages.

Currently there are **two beta implementations** of this design:

> * [ArviZ](https://python.arviz.org/) in **Python** which integrates with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* {ref}`ArviZ <homepage>` in **Python** which integrates with:
```
